Requirements/README.md, before:

## SWOT analysis

|


## Strength

- Affordable
- Precise and Accurate
- Arithmetic functions 
- Programmable
- Trigonometric functions
- Body to Mass ratio 
 |
## Weakness


- Not for all age groups


 |
| --- | --- |
|
## Opportunities


- Trading business
- Banks
- Students
- Working Professionals
 |
## Threats


- Mobile phones
- Computers

 |

# 4W1H

|
## **WHO**


- Banks
- Students
- Commercial purpose
- Trading
 |
| --- |
|
## **WHY**


- Advanced and enhanced
- Precise
 |
|
## **WHAT**


- Speedy calculations
- Accurate results
 |
|
## **WHEN**


- Simple and complex calculations
- BMI and Trigonometric functions

 |
|
## **HOW**


- Manually accessible
 |

# Key features:

- Arithmatic operations
- Conversion of currency and temperature
- Trigonometric functions
- BMI(Body to Mass Index)
- Precision 4 floating points
- Digit limits up to 10-12


ID DESCRIPTIONS

| HLR | Arithmatic Operation, 
        Conversions, 
        Trigonometric function,BMI
 

| LLR | +,-,*,/
        currency and Temperature,
        Sine,Cos,Tan and cot  functions,
        Weight,Height.
        
 |LLR For Trigonometric Function| 
                             (1) Trignometric calculater use the taylor series for Sin/cos/tan/cot or CORDIC Algorithm.
                             (2)Input required is a number in Radian Theta,which range between -Pie/2 to +Pie/2.
                             (3)Ist convert given input in radian by diving input by 180 and multiply by Pie=3.14
                             
                             
  |Test case Plane Details|     
  
  
Check if the calculator window maximizes to certain window size.
Check the if the calculator closes when the close button is pressed or if the exit menu is clicked from file > exit option.
Check if the help document is accessed from Help > Documentation.
Check if the calculator allows copy and paste functionality.
Check if the calculator has any specific preferences.
Check if all the numbers are working ( 0 to 9)
Check if the arithmetic keys ( +, -, *, %, /) are working.
Check if the clear key is working.
Check if the brackets keys are working.
Check if the sum or equal key is working.
Check if the square and square root key is working.

Check if the sin, cos, tan and cos is operational using the keys.
Check if the x-1, x!,|x|,x^y and f(x) is operational and works as expected.
Check if the log key is operational and works as expected.
Check if the natural logarithm key i operational and works as expected.
Check if the factorial key is working as expected.
Check if the real and imaginary component keys are working as expected.
Check if the complex conjugate keys are working as expected. 


|BMI Calculator Test Plan|
Test Plan Identifier: 
BMI calculator test plan version 1
Introduction:
SummaryThis test plan will feature all activities required to perform adequate testing for the BMI Calculator . BMI Calculator, which will be developed in Visual Basic, will run on various Windows operating systems will need to tested on various platforms with all identified test cases.

Commit message:

References to bug reports inserted

Requirements/README.md, after:

## SWOT analysis

|


## Strength

- Affordable
- Precise and Accurate
- Arithmetic functions 
- Programmable
- Trigonometric functions
- Body to Mass ratio 
 |
## Weakness


- Not for all age groups


 |
| --- | --- |
|
## Opportunities


- Trading business
- Banks
- Students
- Working Professionals
 |
## Threats


- Mobile phones
- Computers

 |

# 4W1H

|
## **WHO**


- Banks
- Students
- Commercial purpose
- Trading
 |
| --- |
|
## **WHY**


- Advanced and enhanced
- Precise
 |
|
## **WHAT**


- Speedy calculations
- Accurate results
 |
|
## **WHEN**


- Simple and complex calculations
- BMI and Trigonometric functions

 |
|
## **HOW**


- Manually accessible
 |

# Key features:

- Arithmatic operations
- Conversion of currency and temperature
- Trigonometric functions
- BMI(Body to Mass Index)
- Precision 4 floating points
- Digit limits up to 10-12


ID DESCRIPTIONS

| HLR | Arithmatic Operation, 
        Conversions, 
        Trigonometric function,BMI
 

| LLR | +,-,*,/
        currency and Temperature,
        Sine,Cos,Tan and cot  functions,
        Weight,Height.
        
 |LLR For Trigonometric Function| 
                             (1) Trignometric calculater use the taylor series for Sin/cos/tan/cot or CORDIC Algorithm.
                             (2)Input required is a number in Radian Theta,which range between -Pie/2 to +Pie/2.
                             (3)Ist convert given input in radian by diving input by 180 and multiply by Pie=3.14
                             
                             
  |Test case Plane Details|     
  
  
Check if the calculator window maximizes to certain window size.
Check the if the calculator closes when the close button is pressed or if the exit menu is clicked from file > exit option.
Check if the help document is accessed from Help > Documentation.
Check if the calculator allows copy and paste functionality.
Check if the calculator has any specific preferences.
Check if all the numbers are working ( 0 to 9)
Check if the arithmetic keys ( +, -, *, %, /) are working.
Check if the clear key is working.
Check if the brackets keys are working.
Check if the sum or equal key is working.
Check if the square and square root key is working.

Check if the sin, cos, tan and cos is operational using the keys.
Check if the x-1, x!,|x|,x^y and f(x) is operational and works as expected.
Check if the log key is operational and works as expected.
Check if the natural logarithm key i operational and works as expected.
Check if the factorial key is working as expected.
Check if the real and imaginary component keys are working as expected.
Check if the complex conjugate keys are working as expected. 


|BMI Calculator Test Plan|
Test Plan Identifier: 
BMI calculator test plan version 1
Introduction:
Summary This test plan will feature all activities required to perform adequate testing for the BMI Calculator . BMI Calculator, which will be developed in Visual Basic, will run on various Windows operating systems will need to tested on various platforms with all identified test cases.

Test Items
BMI Calculator v1.0
The calculator will be supported on the following operating systems, so it will need to be tested on all these platforms:
1.Windows Vista
2.Windows 7
3.Linux
References
1.Requirements doc.xlsx2
2.Design_Document.docx

References to bug reports:(Not available yet)

Features to be Tested1.Installation of BMI Calculator in the supported Windows operating systems2.Inputs that the BMI Calculator will accept3.Outputs that the BMI Calculator will display4.Spell check of all text displayed in the application
